hey everybody here's some fun facts the
population in Thailand is 63 million
people it is twice the size of Wyoming
none of you know Stu like I do I can't
even tell you what we've been through
cuz we made a pact what I can tell you
is this this is not Stu's first marriage
there was a whore Las Vegas a couple of
years sometimes a piece of town but I'm
not be drinking meeting the guys go and
do me a favor take my little brother
Teddy with you that is a great idea
bring the kid all right one drink you
did it buddy sure did she's here
Oh your hair is gone no oh I'm scared
still come on get up you guys this way
home where are we you're gonna freak out
but it's gonna be okay what's in my
teeth this is a real bad Joe how would
you do to roofie me I didn't do anything
what's a monkey where are you guys I
don't know if we woke up in some city
they've been looking for him all morning
please this happening again Flora's
little brother he's lost I'm not going
back without teddy we love to party all
I wanted was a bachelor brunch ciao what
are you doing here
but he's my plus-one we had a sick night
bitches
check your pockets there might be close
Chiang Mai monastery I don't remember
any of this
what is this a PF Changs where the hell
are you weird Bangkok College idiots
koala
that lucky end
heystop
my word what's going on hey guys check
it out Alan put it out with a monkey
nibbles on the wieners it's funny in any
language
you